e e
[Music]
oh
I've such a long
long I watch the world
[Music]
I reach for a
kindness anywhere I
[Music]
where do I
begin in a
[Music]
world
magic accept
is twile
[Music]
I was World forgive you my dear
would I've
ter things it's hard to imagine that I
could fly it's hard to imagine a world
where I could
[Music]
reply where
do accept the world for what it is live
a life
with a twinkle in my I through the win
[Music]
the
I don't want
[Music]
to now andri
and I don't want to
[Music]
feel I to feel you
baby I just to
[Music]
feel I
close
[Music]
want to
feel stop stop stop no more
enough who who gave you
permission who gave you permission for
that
wait who's this no
way what the
[__] no
more nice
it's mainly fine cuz this Pit's
bottomless so
yeah no you're supposed to obey me the
human Souls enough of this
nice
wait I'm normal let's try
again for some reason I thought the
original question was who's the old
favorite Pony and uh I thought it was
who who's your favorite of the main six
and everyone was everyone was mentioning
main six ponies and then all of a sudden
uh Luna like
oh Luna is uh new main six I
think that's kind of
nice my favorite Pony like changes from
from from time to
time it sort of depends on the day and
the moment
you could probably ask me that question
every other day and I'd probably have a
different answer it's just like whatever
the vibe is
today today I think is
uh today I think my favorite Pony is
Rarity today I think Rarity is the the
best pony
who's the best out of the
CMC um for being honest it's actually a
bab seed but that's
okay okay all
right so
the
game
wait where was
I why was I
here I think last okay yeah there was a
dilemma last time about
talking about uh getting to the deep
dark it's probably deep dark over there
to the west of the shafted Kingdom which
is a
sentence I just want everyone to know I
succeeded in finally doing nothing all
day which is actually a huge achievement
for me
it is very hard for me to do
nothing but doing nothing is very good
for your mental health
sometimes especially
when I've been working as much as I have
been
I finally did
nothing and it's a pretty
chill
literally I don't
know I think you just have to be [__]
up
enough and then you can do it
we're all kind of derp Nation right now
to be
real wait the location for the stream
should be O'Reilly Auto Parts
right I changed it from H to a school I
think I've not used my voice today
that's really
nice I think most commonly my favorite
Pony is Rarity
so it's
uh it didn't used to be that way but
after the last time I rewatched the show
I like ah r i kind of I kind of get
you I kind of get
it such just lava
right sure
I wish I had soda all I have is have is
water this is
horrible oh
I don't know Rarity is very relatable to
me I haven't listened to the new Tracy
breaks it I need to be in the right
emotional state for it kind of with a
lot of things I keep putting off
listening
to or for Tracy especially I need to
look my Sunday best for
her or
something like I need to make sure I
listen to it when a when a good memory
can be formed from listening to
it oh yeah
I the proper Violet Pony experience is
all of these things belong in the same
space wait I moved this I moved up
everything I
forgot I need to build a a
bridge have I listened to Have you
listened to safon is like the funniest
possible question to ask me in
specific so I wasn't really going back
here to race stock I was going back here
too put everything away so I
could put everything away so I can
uh go find a deep dark
area wait I see changelings on the
map iPhone go
we have to
kill wait can they beef no they can't
beef they don't know how to
did I say the previous was going to be
my last stream I I don't remember
that if I said last stream I meant maybe
last stream before the album releases
but I wanted something to uh
do after doing nothing
oh boots
I am creating a friendship experience
right
now I am creating a friendship
experience right
now that's so
fetch
brain what was I doing
food I
guess I might check the wheat
field right
quick cuz I'm running out of running out
of fish riding out of
fish by Tyler the
fisherman why I hear a GLE Bur
I hope you guys don't mind I'm turning
into a Toyota yarus this this coming
weekend
I should have fed the cows before I went
but I don't feel like it anymore get in
there you know how to so do
it
okay now we go search for the deep
dark maybe somewhere here
I don't know what I think about cars I
just say
[__] I have to listen to the new Tyler
of the Creator too there's there's a
everyone's releasing so much this
year yes I know they spawn under Snowy
Mountains we had this discussion last
stream and there's a snowy mountain
right over here
can you play guitar with your wings yes
that's exactly how I do
it how did you
know please just built a replica of the
team 10
house what are these words you're saying
to
me it's time to eat an aprot
Gump right
now as soon as
possible
huh now there's a cave with a lot of
free
time a it's time to find
water I don't even know what grapes are
what are you talking about
wait what the [__] is wrong with you oh
you're a weird
one miles
Finch he will
drop the
winch oh you stupid
child sp's reference which is why the
laughter begins at
midnight witness true
abortion I already made a Minecraft song
it's called Uh M nice to me blade cover
witness true
abortion what you to what you to bring
back everyone's just saying recreational
abortion from like three streams ago
where
everyone loved
[Music]
it why am I witnessing true abortion
you don't have to ask that question you
just have to accept it
what where did the water
go who turned off the
water it froze
nice that's really
nice I actually didn't know I could do
that it's kind of
chill like literally the joke is because
it's
frozen so
okay so we can enter through this side
and uh that's nice
[Applause]
I'm aim locking onto the blocks guys I'm
not
cheating and not using Minecraft aim
hacks stop screaming it's not a big deal
it's not a big [__] deal
it's like yeah I'm using
x-ray you you would see
it but it's
fine I was really confused as to what
was happening for a second like that fox
is being really
destructive it's just the leaves with
snow
falling so now I can
make now I can make torches like this
such as
this let's do that that's fine
okay I wish her Robo was real too
certainly okay but it still doesn't
solve how I get down here
how did I just pronounce Herobrine I
pronounce it like
Herobrine I'm not sure what you mean
what's
gaslighting sounds like what they have
in
like 1800s Europe they have the little
gas
lights for your nightly walk around gay
London
JY little
saunter around gay
London is that
no okay this is this is
minecraftable this is doable
nice
whole opinion on the water can't be wet
thing I um what what exactly is my
opinion supposed to
be oh
I've eaten an instrument it was a carrot
flute a flute made of
carrot it was so yummy I felt like a
rabbit
oh what's all this
then um I found a gay cave
cave with a
[__] shoid in
here I thought the fox has somehow got
all the way down here so
confused why must you ruin everything
with your existence why couldn't you be
born somewhere else
okay M shaft but no deep dark so far
dude
stop why must you behave this
way
breach
sure
why you have no significant role in in
the natural life cycle
creeper I thought I had the bread in my
inventory
that's a trial
chamber that's a
spawner hello what are the odds of the
two chests spawning together like this
this is so
interesting I don't need all
that I don't need
flesh I don't
[Music]
need that or that I'll take that just in
case
no deep dark
how many chests are we going to get in
this uh place
what's tweeting at me
I wish to go deeper
how do we accomplish
this like the city if you're working on
theories or
schemes okay it's not a guarantee that a
snowy mountain will have deep dark under
it's just like that's where they spawn
they're like next to
[Music]
bedrock I should collab with
xqc it's probably the one of the worst
sentences I've ever heard in my entire
life and I've heard a lot of pretty
awful sentences
uh yeah that one's pretty
crazy you me it'll just be like why
don't you collaborate with white boy
number two it'll be the same thing
what what is what is this particular
Arrangement it's like someone's awful
diagonal strip
M automatically
generated better put a torch next to
Lava cuz I'm not just doing light source
things I'm marking where I I've
been an even deeper M shaft Maybe
the the cart rails keep making it seem
like there's like another name tag below
me just the ways that the lines are
being rendered next to each other
this reminds me of the time I had gay
bacon strips
pour in more Apple Jack
Daniels something something
I wish I had a gay Bagel right now you
may want to talk to Spencer Shay about
this he might have the solution for
you okay you you go you go ahead and
email Spencer Shay from the hit TV show
giant
Elvis you weren't born right you weren't
born right that was weird of you to be
born that way you could have been born
differently
I feel like this is the second time on
this server this world where
two M shafts have essentially spawned in
or on top of each
other okay I've been here
somehow you can triple click on
inventory or an you the sentence you can
triple click on an inventory or an item
and get all the
items what does that
mean what is an
inventory how can I tell it's not just
one giant M shaft
well just the amount of carts that are
spawning and the amount of spawners that
are
spawning is just uh very interesting
there's 13 has been in every chest is it
just
normal inventory SL what are you saying
to
me there are like people yelling all
around
me they're called
zombies it's just like it's like there's
a disc in every single chest
the green one thinks it's
Cy like again the do m m shafts don't
normally spawn with these like
structures doubled up like this I fell
stop
it they don't know about gay bacon
strips like me
St
I just saw a meme the other
day so
true like this this has got to
be weird ass mhaa layering situation
the sheer
density me observing the heaviest
particles known in the
universe are you
okay it just keeps going
the entire Violet Pony YouTube channel
will soon be replaced with just like a
standard
kudoba so I hope that's okay
like a standard a standard Kobo like
Chipotle but the other
one like there is there not for any
particular reason I'm just like I just
feel like it should be that right now
what would you like to
order I'm not making new words Koba is a
place it's spelled q d o b
a I'm not
lying then why haven't seen it I know
cuz you have no life experiences it's
not my
problem the
pillars oh Coba
this would be the worst time to set in
what the [__] this vein is huge my
doctor's trying to inject me and just
seeing my arm what the
[__] what the [__] is going
on how many was that
this is a great time to be low on health
as
well the Coba
diamonds
what what is this m shaft's problem I
mean it why is it so vast and like
endless why can't it simply
end like go do something else oh my
God I I don't think it's to layered on
top of each other I think it's three or
something I'm at y 35 there's actually
still quite a ways to go down isn't
there so I remember the I'm always
surprised by the depth distance so there
might still be uh
deep dark yet I was going to say back
room so it's like I can't be poisoned by
chat to say these things I missed the
diamond is you know what I'm full right
now honestly this
show I'm running out of torch as as uh
something
okay there is a reason they call them
diamonds as for why no clue can be put
forth by me
I can't H right now it's
so too late for me to be howling I'll
get noise
complaints
potentially why why is it so
vast did I miss diamonds again
okay I'm I'm
listening I sat my out my ass down and
listening okay you're
right does anyone else sense some melon
why are these people so yelling in the
video Minecraft
game big ass room this is this is the
boss fight what the [__]
hi first
wave like what the
[__] the timing on that was like so
dramatic it's like why does this feel
like a what is up with the diamond
output here if there's there's not going
to be another one okay there's there's
ones over here like what the
[__] I really should have waited to be
here are you kidding me how
many okay
that's kind of sick nasty if you ask
me oh
n let me out
do I really need the rails do I really
need to go off the
rails I'm so serious what is wrong with
this m shaft and the other one from last
time
this world generation is so
goober drop the Redstone I forgot I had
Redstone I'll drop the Redstone for
something a little bit better though
than just like mine
cart tracks
how many [__]
diamonds this evening I'm going to run
out of space for
diamonds what
this why level makes Diamond really
common so it's just like the M shaft
happened to spawn at this
particular
verticality I think I lost my train of
thought where was I going
just stuff like this this this like this
pocket is so strange unless I mind that
but I don't think I
did I was going here
next like you can't look at this and
tell me that the generation didn't get
[__] up up here like there's
definitely some
[__] like I feel like that in and of
in end of itself is is like proof that
this is at least two M shafts that
spawned on top of each other CU
like wait did I was I here already
no that that's a naturally spawning
torch no wait okay I'm losing my mind a
little
bit okay no what the [__] is wrong with
this
place yeah I know I I know I missed a
diamond somewhere I was like running
around
cuz they the beasts keep finding me how
many arrows do I have yeah that's
fine like going on
Earth who's walking on
dirt like do you see
this I see that's so interesting there's
the uh trial chamber is a right above a
pit of lava so definitely going to be
the trial of a lifetime for
sure like this is that is so
strange I thought that was deep dark at
first how many torches do I have I'm one
stack and a half
left but yeah all this the no deep dark
I can get obsidian
when does when does deep dark start
someone said near Bedrock level I don't
know what Bedrock level is after the
caves and Cliff Cliffs update
anymore okay I want through
here and then I Circle back
around they just love blowing
up- 64 is deep dark okay so that's why
we wouldn't have seen it
yet it's crazy cuz
like in the first world I made after the
they brought that to the update I found
an ancient city
immediately then in the the mea Village
world uh we got a lot of deep dark but
no ancient city and now in this world
I'm getting no deep
dark and no ancient
well hold my hold my tongue you're a
freak and you know it
okay okay this goes deeper darker yet
darker still
I forgot to go grab the obsidian
okay well I have I have no idea what El
to deal with this this place in specific
I don't think I'm going to find what I'm
looking for
here I could take a sneak peek at the
map but I don't know how much that would
tell
me yeah this this doesn't really look
like it's going to have
much below
there
so might simply be advantageous to go up
and get out of here while I
have food
left hey SpongeBob why don't you join us
we need an extra player
[Music]
why is so many skeleton being sounds
right now it's kind of friendly but also
concerning if you think about it
are we arguing about whether or not
SpongeBob took 40 PS
my my personal head Cannon is that uh he
did I head cannon that SpongeBob took 40
benad rols mainly because funny
look SpongeBob we both brought our
Karate
gear I think I'm just like having
flashbacks to sentences associated with
SpongeBob and that's there's nothing
nothing else going on in my head right
now my favorite character from SpongeBob
is Sandy she is a courageous squirrel
who has
dialogue I've not heard the Tracy breaks
yet cuz I need to be in a better mood
for it
I want to be able to cherish it
appropriately will I run room out of red
what the [__] am I typing in my words
out loud right now chat
gaming can someone attempt to write down
what I just said cuz I no longer
remember what I just said but it was
very interesting
Rarity or Trixie it's Rarity right now
honestly got got to keep it
real it'll be Trixie on another
day it took us 3 days to make this PO
Po's hell
in 3
days hey Sandy watch me do that shitty
Squidward
let's see [__] blue applesauce
everything he seems to be in order where
is it what my interpretive dance
quar what are you saying me I ain't say
nothing what are
you saying I ain't saying nothing
well what are you saying feather
falling line detector line detector
test are you a you you you accusing me
of something well the way I see it there
are
three possibilities you stole it you
stole it you [__] stole it you stole
it I didn't [__] your [__]
could could
SW could switching to Geo really save
you 15% or more on car
insurance
it I'm not hallucinating there's nothing
even
hallucinating there is so friendly in
your bones known as skeleton thanks for
your friendship
I could probably recite all ofus
regularis but I can't
cuz
stream Where did the bread come from
what the hell more bread for me infinite
bread for me this day and
age back to the Lush
days back to the Lush
days what the hell is going on with this
diamond output genuinely what the [__]
doesn't notice
me move
away iPhone
go for
one thing I will say is the caves do
spawn much more
vastly in general since the caves and
cliffs update but especially since this
most recent
update that
said I'm very fascinated by the M
shaft spawning on top of each other like
that not just once or twice but very
frequently it would say
sorry phones Kai what do you
mean why are you sorry for
phones oh my God really do have a stack
of diamonds
basically
uh
so oh I'm out of torches too nice okay
this is a
problem
wait that's not disrespectful someone's
lying to
you you can say
Minecarft I think that's very good
vinyl
vyl no more band camp vinyls because
band camp shutting down their vinyl
Production Services that's
why I already talked about the inet
length but long story short I'm going to
be uh exploring new options for doing
vinyls and
stuff there's a company in Portland that
does really good physicals that
uh they've done physicals for some of my
some artists I know
so so I have one torch and I can carry
this with me the whole way through
cuz I have Dynamic Lighting on iPhone go
no it's just a dust
damn I am level 30 and I have
uh no obsidian still I was supposed to
get obsidian earlier now I lost
it making obsidian manually is such a
pain
need infinite lava I heard you can do an
infinite lava thing with drip Stone
now but the setup for it is just
ridiculous the green one
okay so I'm supposed to
are you a boy or a girl I don't know
what are you I don't mean just mean boy
or girl just what's your what's your
species me personally I am a
wolf so that's pretty
cool I missed diamonds I was about to
say I don't have room for them but I do
have
for y
both shout out to both it's pretty
sick I'm more of a wolf than German
is technically I'm a wolf and a horse
you betray me silly
lump that's kind of impressive you can
out wolf
germa not really he wasn't much of a
wolf to begin
with I did not come out the way I was
expecting you to but uh shout out to
coming out that way not going to
[Applause]
lie yeah there a lion hybrid mix is not
the same as just being a wolf
wolf how old are you old enough to be
your
mother probably not
I promise I will ban you from chat if
you say mommy
again let's see if I can remember the
social security number off the top of my
head it should be 827
yes I don't have my my credit card
memorized I can read it out to
you
okay so my credit card number is make
sure you're writing this down as well
let me know when you're ready to write
it down
okay credit card number is
4998 the CVC code is
298 and it expires on February of
okay oh do you need the name on it
too so they wouldn't let me put
like the full name they they if you have
a middle name they force you to put an
initial so
it's the Earth is
crying the Earth is
crying anyway
oh this is a good situation to be in if
you're in danger most
likely okay so the name on the card is
Zelda
t for trixy t
lulan t is in the letter
why would you hit
me I mean I get it that hit me
too the numbers Mason what do they mean
where is rnav
why am I jumping for joy
permanently water isn't safe yeah right
you guys said that about his best as
here but I'm just fine
so you guys are such fooligans
viet's not your full legal
name just the one word
Violet that's it it's not my full legal
name no I'm sorry to break your
immersion the five letter letter word of
violet is not my full
name Pony is not my last name either
this may come as a shock to you do not
cry
look at the Cat Dragged and it's
Pico and by the cat I mean my bodyguards
I hope your trip here was not too
forceful for
what you're going to turn in your
homework Pico you're turning in your
homework Violet t What would the T stand
for in this case is it just
the Pico I'm not the one grading it this
time
thy Pony is uh pretty hard
actually Zine
Pony
troposphere Zelda the
Hedgehog
uh-uh finally home of some sort the
danger of being a someone who's digging
something right
now I love having a bastard and bucket
within my
chest yes you'll notice that if I were
to put my hoes on my face and lift up my
face underneath you would just see a min
version of me piloting myself like some
sort of
Mac is it MX it's a that is a good
question
actually I about to say is it FedEx is
it a
FedEx um it's a Master
Card oh big drip Leaf as opposed
to that one's not that
big doing merchandise I love your art
everything that represents my music as
uh other people's a
commission actually I forgot I
raw um but I don't think it's
interesting enough uh to put on anything
I I meant to I think like three times
this here I said I was going to organize
merch staff and then every single time I
just like either forgot or I got too
anxious about
it I I'll actually maybe I'll try to
before the end of the year just it's
kind of
tedious um can you use my credit card to
buy my own merch is a question
hold on I actually think it might be
important for people to know that
like I
own so this is not a photo of my
bathroom or anything but this is a photo
of something I
have um
I have we have
this in our in our bathroom we have this
rug it's really
nice I think it's really
good who is that I don't know
no
idea you just saw a window that's really
nice I like Windows those are good the
giul
words that people say it went
same
two why are you alive
why why are you alive it's
daytime time for you to melt
[Music]
congratulations on your congratulations
on your born
it's not even my
farm my vid towels are burning my face
off hey those are not towels you silly
that is a nuclear reactor
um
well I still need more
coal that's that's for sure I still need
more
coal as always I need
uh I do think more people should know
about sad World obviously
[Music]
wait did the a the AI wrote that
response
okay you get a five minute timeout
and uh when you're back you can try
again anyway hi
wver been a little
bit waver
wyvern it's waver but I've always
perceived your name as a wyver esk
instead I I can pronounce wyvern but to
me it's
wyvern
okay
so oh
yes lack of roof is uh always good for
me so I need coal and I need obsidian
it it is pronounced as waver
technically which is unfortunate I
think did I actually just see them
spawn
physically and that's crazy dude
I guess we can attempt to go back to big
ass [__]
cave
no we won't attempt to go back to big
ass [__]
cave I'm going to find somewhere new
please anything but the
cave shout out Zim what's
good wave
ear hard style laser honestly that's
fire but
you have to embrace it fully that's
sick was it hailing last
night I know was raining hard last
night to no is hailing
what's better the Le letter q or the
letter X
um I think uh X mainly because that's
the letter that shushu starts with
here you go snub popcorn balls
I love to look at Giant
mountain which color of the alphabet is
your favorite
number um
try and Imagine
Green right
now will I get trapped in the snow this
evening usually my phone auto correct
tries to tell me that my name is valet
Pony and then like valet
parking which doesn't really nice okay
this is where danger starts
right this is where everything sucks if
I don't do it
properly I was about to like jokingly
scream Extremely Loud at the sentence
the server is going to restart and I
realized like it is in fact 3:00
a.m. but just no I would have done that
if not for the laws of these
lands now hold
on one we went down there we're pretty
far from those other pretty far from
those so
might be worth checking this
out first things first coal as
always Martian's
room okay I actually have some lore
because of what you just
said um when I was first writing
music
um when I was
seven the only thing I used used was
Garage Band
obviously and I was making a song and I
didn't have a title for it and I just
like named it after one of the presets I
was using in garage
band and I'm pretty sure it still
exists uh so the song and the preset was
named Martian
Lounge I bet I could find it if I opened
up logic or something
I kind of want to go looking for it real
quick it was a really nice
sound okay this is this is quite a
substantial amount of
coal it's very good
this is all snow that's
Emerald let me let me get this coal vein
and I'm going to pause for a second take
a look at logic
[Music]
like how do I only have 10 coal it's
like that's after a
stack okay one
second let's get logic I currently have
Ableton open so I could technically
start playing a saw
[Music]
wave but uh let me mute eilon so it
doesn't overlap with
uh
logic logic go forth is it going to scan
for
plugins I can cancel the scan I'm pretty
sure
wait do I use BRB or do I use one sec
cuz we don't see crack baby as often as
we should
okay so it looks like I don't have a
bunch of [__] installed I don't know
what I don't have install I guess it's
just toy
meloda wait
where was that I lost my place
now where was toy
meloda why is like nothing installed is
a my
question that's kind of funny um that's
not a IA though that is a harmonica but
that's
okay um we're looking for I think it's
going to be in Legacy Garage Band s face
there it is martian Lounge this is the
sound can't hear it oh [__] wait I have
to add it to my
inputs where are
you
skip am I using computer audio here we
go and then there you should be able to
hear it now no apparently not
it's probably the other input stream a
oh okay that would be
natural okay now you should hear
it so this this is the instrument that I
was using for that song when I was a
kid turn this up a little bit
[Music]
like this this being a default garage by
instrument is kind of crazy if you think
right this is so
[Music]
pretty oh yeah no now I can finally tell
you what the chords I'm playing are
that's d flat major that's d flat 7
major 7 11
[Music]
that is not just a g that that is
something beyond the
G see you know I'm playing jazz when the
chords are like way too long to be able
to be said within a few syllables
[Music]
what is that
what cord so long it won't even show the
whole thing B flat major 7
hello N 9 11 chat out to that one
everything in here is like like all the
old garage band
stuff so like everything outside this
this folder outside the garage band
Legacy folder is all like stuff that
didn't exist when I was first writing
music so basically I'm going like I'm
just going to scroll through some of
these instruments and you're going to
hear what it was like for me to make
music when I was like
[Music]
seven here's the classic default garage
instrument
I'll try and play like piano the way I
did when I was like really
[Music]
little that's like exactly the kind of
[__] I played when I was seven
[Music]
kind of
fun okay well I didn't do that when I
was seven but
[Music]
what else we got here are we like the
syn syn also
[Music]
like
interesting oh yeah the scratchy ass
like saw wave
thing that's actually more of a square
wave like a pulse with
I still love the sound
[Music]
oh the fifth chords
oh I forgot about FM
[Music]
thing I think my favorite ones were
definitely going to be let me in
textures
right yes this instrument here is one of
my all-time favorite s still like this
shit's like what the [__] is this sound
[Music]
playing cords with that it's so big
I that's one of my favorite instruments
from the old 2006 2007 Garage Band
[Music]
like that
one I like that one a lot too
kind of
RAV this one always confused
me as an adult now I hear this I'm like
yeah this was attempting this was an
attempt at being like Rave sounding but
like it just didn't
[Music]
work I really like this one
[Applause]
[Music]
cool phaser
sound if you listen to some of my
earlier music I was still using a bunch
of these instruments because I didn't
have anything else yet but at that point
I had like I think at least massive
indoor silence so there were some other
sounds too but if you listen to like
2012 through 2013 Violet Pony you will
probably hear these instruments in some
way
[Music]
oh this was a funny one
fun that one's cool
[Music]
hey so if anyone remembers the lore I
gave about a uh
swarm so the song swarm in h word from
2019 was actually originally written
conceptually in
2013 between me and
silver and uh I don't know if I still
have that demo lying around somewhere
but I we definitely use this instrument
in it
[Music]
with pit shifting like
that so it's like kind of atmospheric
and uh creepy and stuff or something so
the original swarm sounded like that in
2013 so we used that instrument I
[Music]
think see I remember this one cuz this
one always reminded me of uh Twilight
Princess
[Music]
it's very Twilight
Princess this one has a good low end
here I think
[Music]
nice I used this lot a lot in the EDM
era the early EDM era because it was
very close to like what a lot of the uh
Progressive house musicians were using
in their music
[Music]
this one didn't really get a lot of use
anything
[Music]
Fun and Stuff
I'm using logic this is not my main
program I'm just talking about like the
stuff I was using when I was a
kid I use this one a lot too
[Music]
this all came with the free garage band
and stuff
[Music]
I still really like this
one sounds really cinematic sounding
[Music]
what else were there
it's a solo star but it's a polyphonic
sent
[Music]
this one got a lot of use in the EDM era
too I'm going to go here for a second
this is the classic old free Garage Band
guitar
[Music]
it's like so [__] but it's like kind of
fun
[Music]
I love the shitty guitar just that that
uh slide
[Music]
so the drums work
[Applause]
[Music]
the horns
work yeah my my my favorite thing was uh
this this is what Garage Band decided
was a music box sound I don't really
think they're
[Music]
true I
[__] Underground Level of a Mario
game
[Music]
something like that
okay for some reason that organ kind of
goes off um
anyway so another thing that was really
nostalgic about uh this as the Apple
loops and
[Music]
stuff now some of these are
not correct let's go here okay here the
garage band original ones so these are
the ones I heard a lot when I was a kid
[Music]
oh yes this was the jealousy one by
feather
[Music]
isn't this like the Scarlet fire drum
that like just scrolling through these
you will probably hear something you've
heard in another song because so many
people have used these sounds
[Music]
so this one I definitely used in ponies
and stuff somewhere hold
on I used a bunch of uh Garage Band
loops and ponies and stuff
[Music]
let's right
here that was this
[Music]
and this one too
was uh here as well
wait crazy about this is this song
actually turned 12 years old around the
time uh girls were Wizards
released just crazy
crazy be like
[Music]
that oh that's the lightest techtips
drums from the original Linus techtips
YouTube channel intro
[Music]
so this one even now I'm like extremely
obsessed with like I this thing is crazy
[Music]
sounding like Half-Life ass drum break
ah there's it there's the
uh [__] love that one that's the uh
ever free Forest drum
Loop check this [__] out check out the
date on this thing this is also just
turned 12 years old this
[Music]
year I didn't know how to do side
training when I was was a 13 so I just
like compressed the master track really
hard so this was like my favorite drum
Loop when I was really little I remember
hearing this it was like seven eight
nine but um I never actually used it and
so when I was actually working on cutie
marks I went back and found this I was
like it's f time after like 10 years to
to use this in something so it's
actually in uh I don't need to be
fixed you will hear it very
slightly and
[Music]
um it's very quiet in the background
here woke up the morning had aext from
you said you wanted to tell me something
oh [__] what did I
do that's playing in the
[Music]
background so what
else okay this is partially why I want
to pull out the loops it's cuz this one
I have literally hurt
this a and on
for how old am I 2007 + 13 + 4 for I've
heard this Loop for essentially 17 years
off and on and I I I want to use it in a
[Music]
song it's like one of the coolest
Melodies ever to this day to me
[Music]
that one's cool too but this one's
better yeah I'm 26
[Music]
unfortunately oh wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait
I also want to use this
[Music]
one this one's so
sick
wait okay again I have to reiterate I've
heard these Loops for like 17
years
but only now I realized this
one can do
[Music]
this hold on
n
[Music]
hello shout out to the Monarch cover by
the
way bring me my lips
back for anyone who hasn't seen the
cover yet that was like a jump scare for
sure
[Music]
um let's go back to
garage I was obsessed with these
too I used this in a song when I was
like
10 I don't remember what
[Music]
oh this one are pretty cool
too wait wait wait wait
wait so there
were there were like was that was it
that one
there's a Zomboy song shout out to
Zomboy by the way there was a Zomboy
song was
it this this we might get copyright
stries for this
unfortunately but it's fine Cu uh we're
winning as ZB boy please be benevolent
and uh respect my love for your
music I think it was is cuz Zomboy Works
in Zomboy Works in logic and I think it
was was it this
[Music]
one oh no it was it was a skrc song
wasn't it I mean shout out to zombo
still but wait what was it
was it it wasn't Terror Squad was
it oh it was okay listen to the
background of teror
squad right in the background you can
hear this Loop
so because because z boy used this in
teror Squad um you know what I had to do
right
[Music]
it's like very lightly in the background
here it's not very noticeable
[Music]
though but I promise it's there
now there was one there is a series of
Loops here that was like called noodling
or
something and I was just I was waiting I
was looking for those as
well oh there we
[Music]
go maybe wasn't this there's also one
called Vamp these ones
[Music]
that's not it either hold on let me let
me show all
[Music]
I'm really
confused there's a series of guitar
Loops I can hear in my head but I can't
find them
here well no matter there was also
a what were they called
[Music]
actually I'm might able to do this
from let me do this from able to now cuz
a while ago
I exported the all of the Apple Loops to
uh a native format that I could use in
Ableton so just normal audio
format and where did I put them they're
in here appal Loops okay so I want to
find let's
see I'm slightly forgetting what I'm
looking for I was looking for the
strings
for uh there will be magic
but I don't remember where I would find
them was
here it was in an arrangement of
something it might have been uh
this it definitely was here
[Music]
I genuinely feel like it was Capital
which
no it
[Music]
wasn't what is it
called I'm going to lose my mind just a
little
bit what the hell was it oh was it this
no I'm going to lose that what was
it don't make me freak out oh no no no
no it was it was it wasn't even
instruments it was sound effects right I
think Mi tools was it something
this it was just like I oh I life sound
effects and then it was
in Stingers
no I'm going to lose it just a little
bit
I'm going to lose it actually
wait I just remembered something I
actually remade it the string chops I
was thinking
of because I was like What if I remade
that song at one point there it is this
was from last
year this should hopefully tell me what
the file is
indulge it's titled indulge
and it's
missing why is it
missing
oh well okay no I found it where is it
it's an apple loops and and jam I I
scrolled past it
apparently anyway
[Music]
so this is this is what I made for this
song in uh let's let's get the year up I
made this
in September
2013 I was
14 say something princess oh uh
a little while ago my teacher and Mentor
Princess Celestia sent me to live in
Ponyville she sent me to study
friendship which is something I didn't
really care much about but now on a day
like today I can honestly say I wouldn't
be standing here if it weren't for the
friendships I've made with all of you
each one of you taught me something
about friendship and for that I will
always be grateful today I consider
myself the luckiest Pony in Equestria
thank you friends thank you every
[Music]
pony I don't know what that cut
was she sent me to study French
[Music]
that is a questionable song at best I
think but uh the main thing
[Applause]
was these string
chops when I was younger I didn't know
how to get rid of those like clicks and
pops and so that's when I went back last
year to just do this for fun
[Music]
so I was like oh maybe I'll maybe I'll
remake it someday who knows I'll make it
into an actual like presentable song of
some sort there's
also just for
fun let's get where was it
kind
audio so I did this this year I didn't
realize I did it this year so in August
2012 this is still
before
um still before no matter what number
one I made this song
a
[Music]
so that was 12 years ago and then this
year I just decided to like try remaking
that for fun
[Music]
n
so another fun fact was no I made this
when I was I made the original one when
when I was 13 it was done in
2012 um the original song was called
hour 12 also um the original song was
that wasn't the original song it was the
original song
No full mix there we go the original
song was 18 minutes long so I I've been
trying to do like this kind of idea of
like long form music for a long
time now it'll be hard to explain how
this was actually turned into an
18-minute song but uh it just goes
through various electronic movements
[Music]
like over the course of 18 minutes it
wasn't the most well executed but I was
trying very hard to make music like
that it was just a long
form it's all a part of the
plan
um okay I think that's the floor let's
go back to
Minecraft um oh yeah silly cave right
I came from this way what were what were
we doing I was getting
coal and I got lots
of
um now that Monarch is done and I have
some time before I start working on the
next album I'm probably going to to
do like a bunch of like stray songs we
wanted to do for a little bit and some
of those is probably just like remaking
some older songs I made when I was like
a kid per
fun at the top of my list is actually
Pony
hype cuz that sounds like a fun song to
revisit it will be 11 years after Pony
hype guys Pony hype fall of the clouds
is 10 years old that's uh
crazy okay
for anyone who knows like my old old
music what what would you personally
want me to
remake in
specific that that is a question
cuz I think the challenge I want to give
myself is to remake some of my old songs
and just trying to execute them better
but also keep the idea the
same so try not to uh succumb to my
modern
ideas alicorn Twilight to me is like not
an interesting enough song to even
remake I would love to remake fly CRS
and something normal I actually had a
just like a silly thought that I don't
know if I could actually ever execute
but just like this thought of uh
remaking all of super Pony world
2016 I think cuz I wouldn't be writing
anything new that would actually be
quite
doable but I would only do that once I'm
like really far along with the projects
I want to do already
oh I'm so sorry you were listening to
Winter's
end I'll be real winter Zen sucks so bad
but at the same time we had so much fun
making it so like who [__] cares
honestly
like I remember having just a blast with
silver making
a uh winners
end it really does like suck as an album
but it embodies a very free spirited
creativity something that is still hard
to chase sometimes
my Minecraft house is not very
interesting right
now and yeah we are doing an aloe and
Lotus so remake I think we already I
think that's just general knowledge at
this point
though there is a song off of Winter's
end that I actually
all right more lore
so I was commissioned by someone to make
a Nightmare Moon
Song and
uh I was like okay I actually have this
old song that could be totally
reshaped and uh maybe this should
suffice for the
idea that you uh had so I pitched the
idea to the client of uh remaking the
song and then I sent
them um my
ideas and then they liked it and we went
with
that now the problem is where the [__]
is
it I guess I might have to go to the
SoundCloud version cuz I can't find the
file right
now there we go
so I made this one
so this was in Winter's
end but I made it on
uh I made a version of it oh it wasn't
called that it was called
uh the original title for Nightmare
Night was called Harmony is lost I made
it on uh in September of 2020 20
September of
2012 s like
[Music]
this and then half a year later into
2013 I made this version of it
[Music]
so it's it's a it's a question mark for
sure this the song is a question mark
for sure it is on Winter's end so if you
heard Winter s you will have heard this
uh this
was 11 years
ago and uh for the for the client I did
this
sister what do you
deserve If You Could Only Imagine
[Music]
oh
you compar let's see the original
version from 11 years
[Music]
ago versus now
that's
cool um I will release it at some point
but I'm not going to release it until I
finish the other song That's supposed to
go with it I also offered the client too
cuz they they like the song
daybreaker so
for for the release I'm also going to
remake
daybreaker and I release them side by
side as a double
single I just don't like daybreaker
currently as well like I think it's
really bad and I think it could be
really good so uh excited to give that
to
them now I was trying to find a way back
out but I don't
remember this was the
water it's not is it time to get copper
I guess it's time to get copper I should
really wait until I have like L uh not
looting Fortune but
whatever I'm an expert at getting lost
in the cave systems of Minecraft video
game thatone is
Minecraft when do we get a church HS
album when do we get a holy minimalism
Violet Pony album is my question
I have to make the tead of Aqua
crunk happy 2018 everyone don't you dare
send us back to 2018 in specific
I think 2018 just collectively sucked
for
everybody there we go there's the
outside
world howdy
world my name is Sandy chases
I Sandy takes do love me some gate
Luigi I was born in 2019 how was 2018
you know the fact that there is like a
nonzero chance of dying in the snow the
fact there's a nonzero chance of
like someone 5 years old being competent
enough to like die in the snow being
competent enough to like speak and read
the fact that there it's it's not likely
but it's there's a nonzero chance of it
is what disturbs
me like what being born 2019 that would
make someone like a you know reasonably
5 years
old it's unlikely but possible that
someone who is 5 years old could read
enough and be on the internet in some
capacity and that is what scares
me I did not wish to place that block
there is a non zero chance of that
too I feel like this part of the cave
doesn't go
anywhere you were 12 and 2018 oh how
[__] old am
I you're I'm scared
guys stop saying this you're freaking me
out
now this is
terrifying I was 19 in
2018 this needs to stop
right I know I'm not old but like I'm at
the point where my age surprises me
which is there's something to be said
for that
five 5-year-old baby baby reading
Twitter discourse
online it's just a horrible
concept but one that is not
impossible the children yearn to G keep
gushers from each other
also Kai I just take like a second to
process what you said that is like the
most insane thing I've ever heard in my
life and I'm really glad you said
it stop stop putting me in the powdered
snow donut
how do I avoid that
village
Village chat this is your time it's your
time praise be to the
Lord Chad it's
time chat it's
time we already have an asbest Village
in the other server
normalize 10 p.m.
bedtime if I were 5 years old and I have
was on Twitter discourse I'd be saying
the same
[__] we're not naming it as best as
Village we already have one we can't get
confused
we're not naming it ASB bestus Village
2 no matter how you
m are you idiot there
Hank Central National Park Santa Maria
can you call it evil death trap
Town P
Alto what game is this not sure
why do they have dogs in the snow like
this so
danger do they create house on top of
building I think so it went
same wait this person just had Sparkles
and became
unemployed I I get it no I I get it I
really
do this is for
you yeah they can lose their cutie marks
this may cause like a point of
existential crisis in the my little Cony
universe
oh no one talking about how problematic
the Tooth Fairy
is
Yo they put they think the snow is alive
but they're kind of stupid because it
isn't it is only Frozen
water they're like this needs a cage
cage it
immediately unfortunately for you it is
not
alive
um okay what do we what do we what do we
call
it not as best this time
give me actual give me actual
names
Pony to
vanilla mixing Mor's fan base
HQ New York Post 2001
no
no because wait because
no wait where' the towers go okay the
towers were right here just a second
ago we have to go there
you really wanted to be dandruff
town I I'm I'm just going to take the
previous
suggestion of just calling this Palo
Alto for no
reason so it's pal Alto now you've been
overruled all of you
yeah frigid
Salpa everyone knows
why are you buil this
way
what this is highly unusual
h
[Music]
you've been down here for 3 million
years I can't wait to show you iPhone
and Twitter you're going to love it
[Music]
iPhone
go you can't have Yuri yet you're not
ready Yuri is coming soon to an
underground in glue near
you well you you can get you can leave
you can get out nice
oh you have a job now look at
you why are they
prancing don't worry you can have Yuri
really
soon iPhone go
yes you're so
close bre
h
huh h
can you be healed yet or
something take the cactus with me but
it's their Yuri
Cactus hurry up
let's
rotate I'm go scout out the area and
make sure there's no
danger let the Yuri begin
exactly
well I can see if there's anything here
girl girls who are Wizards I'm like yeah
girls who are girls
crazy shut mad
proper I don't know what I just
said that is not a sentence people say
thank you for believing in me
Kai same skiy different toilet what a
sentence what a
way [__] had me laughing good improper
thank you for bringing us back to the
good old
days I hear some scoot bumps down below
it would seem that they're skeletons
the Phantom tax realm you've got this
all wrong
wrong if someone's named Humphrey I
don't want to know about
it
yeah yeah
ah I remember when these blocks were
invented by
an Arthur Minecraft was creating such an
item I have a
water go my minion and such don't freeze
mhm that would be so funny if you did
that and illegal
all right this this this cave van looks
promising for for the moment I thought
there was an opan song called lukewarm
Michael is there not there should be
Daniel L Payton it's your time to shine
give the people what they want
the only Raves I go to are
Ravines # Coal Mine
core that is really like
beautiful I'm not even sad
should have me laughing good and
proper
ah look what
we [__] I didn't know the dumbass
convention was in town
all
right now what was the point of that
yes it is the we're in the deep
dark I didn't bring a hoe with
me
okay
so what do we got going on
here I don't see any shers at the
moment I should be able to move around
freely here in this intro area
and that's all what we are looking for
as well as
obsidian so that's good no shers in here
very nice
is that also a uh
spawner or did I
place oh we'll see could just be a lava
flow
thing I think it was a lava flow
thing unless I place that I don't
remember placing that there oh it's a
lava flow thing
okay so no shriekers in this area
which is good and
bad now this up here this this needs to
go where's your
Source you're up here
okay yeah I thought that would happen
what am I seeing on the map over here
I guess it's just a normal cave
how many for uh portal it was 2233
right so that's uh 6
10 12 but you don't need the corners I
think or is it four up oh it is four
up
okay yeah I honestly look down on the
people who like can only leave uh
comments trying to get like the most
funny out of
it especially when it's like the more
serious stuff I'm posting comes from
like a real place
and it's like that's all you have to say
but honestly just don't talk to be
honest that's what I would
prefer like I feel like it should be
obvious enough when something I'm doing
is casual and silly and when something
I'm doing is not casual and silly I feel
like that should be easy enough for
people to
Gage it's not just a Tik Tok phenomenon
though
like this has been the case for a little
bit longer than tikt YouTube wasn't
always like that and the general the
internet wasn't always as uh like like
that but people have always made jokes
about stuff that wasn't really supposed
to be joked
about I think the thing is the jokes
aren't necessarily a bad thing but I
feel like people should demonstrate that
they are taking it seriously before
before that if that makes sense it's
like I don't know your intentions until
you make them clear to
me so if your only impression to make is
like [__] posting it's like that's not
very valuable to
me that is a really good way of putting
it Kai
irony irony is only is equally or
greater balanced by sincerity and
genuine thoughts it's not that it
doesn't belong it's just that it's it
really should exist in coexistence with
sincerity rather than being
isolated cuz we all like to joke around
and
stuff it's not a waste of
time okay this is a the same part of the
deep dark as well
is this all this cave has there's
another trial
room over
here well that's a bit of ways
away hearing some creatures over here
how do I tell if it's coming from above
or
below I never know how to gauge that
it's like even you can hear it I don't
understand what that's in contrast to
like I'm talking about verticality I can
tell my left from my
right and actually not everyone can so
even
then that's kind of a weird thing to
like assert superiority
over it's like congratulations you can
hear it I'm I'm I'm not not built like
you it would seem
these caves are really a bust
I well what
is going on over
here is it over there no
yes I don't know
I
see okay if you keep typing in all caps
I'm just going to ban
you I have like a bad uh attention span
you don't have to be a little [__]
about it
all I want to ban you cuz you're being
annoying so stop being Anno
oing I don't care about your
heart I yeah I do have
ADHD it's like not that deep it's just
Diamond if I miss diamonds is uh that's
my loss it's not your loss go play
Minecraft yourself it's not a big
deal go go get your own diamonds you'll
have some uh some fun
like I got to make this clear I'm like
not above uh Banting people that just
annoy me I don't need a greater reason
than that it's like my life in my space
it's like
I'll do whatever I want
to annoyance is a good enough reason to
block
anyone in fact even less than annoyance
is enough to block
anyone you just uh come across them and
they give you bad vibes and [__]
block them who cares
I feel like people who disagree with
that really want a reason to be able to
like get into other people's business
and it's like that's a red flag for
sure I think I've exhausted every
natural opening of this so This cave at
least going downward
not a single sh
shrier to not be annoying try not being
patronizing in the way you say
things in my opinion that is a very uh
easy thing to
do speak constructively instead of uh
critically
just a video
game I could try this name
see now I'm now I'm like holy sting I
keep feeling like I'm seeing
emeralds the darkness I don't have any
torches left do I and I don't have any
wood to make
them Supply end demand strikes again
I feel like this cave was kind of a ass
to begin
with listen if people get nuclear over
being blocked that's like a kind of a
problem it's like social media addiction
is
crazy in real life you just uh walk away
from someone and you don't look back you
know people do that all the
time it's very normal
theoretically I could chop down one of
these trees and uh get some more torches
but this cave has disappointed me
endlessly at least Palo alar will always
be there for
me these horses are up very late you
or oh no not the [__]
again that's kind of like Elon Musk is
as like predictable and uninteresting of
a person that people were able to
accurately predict a year and a half
into the future that he would change
blocking because of how much everyone
was blocking him like everyone knew that
like we're all trying to find a way to
explain the universe as not being
deterministic but Elon MOS makes that
very uh very difficult
wait iPhone where are you Christ don't
ever leave me again
what is this [__]
tree shout out my favorite bread is
souro man I want a sandwich now thank
you oh look it's srx's Castle
all wait what the [__] is all this then
are you what the hell [__]
this
tree yeah this this might be deserving
of its own name a lush CA an exposed
Lush cave in a giant Ravine with stone
spires with trees on
them with a M shaft dutting out of it
what a crazy [__]
structure okay here's my
thoughts I'm like this is this is this
is the this is like two trees two trees
this place is the the twin Leaf crater
you know what I mean [__] Pokemon
reference just crazy cinematic name
like
this I spelled the twin
Le it's a Pokemon reference
though we'll we'll revisit this after we
go back to uh to uh oh now the laughter
begins at
midnight do I have a I don't have
water Let's Go pass by ratat to's Palace
SpongeBob kill this
man oh
crap no let's eat at the Shell Shock
they've got a [__] dog
whoops stream crashed for me I love
eating
lead least thoughts are inter interwoven
with each
other what nice little Bridge you've
made for me to go across the land
spb H
Squidward
Sandy
[Music]
[Laughter]
um wait wait no no no
no oh no where did I
die where did I die where did I
die show me the show me
the
what Why didn't it give me a death
marker
I could try run over to the twin Leaf
crater and uh try and find out oh my
coal
wait did I already put my coal
away I don't remember
anymore I think I lost all my coal yeah
Why didn't it give me a death
marker the map normally
does I have no clue where I died
at most I think I only had four diamonds
on
me cuz I did put the diamonds away there
is no way I'm going to find
this oh no it's no it's not I was like
that's it no it's not no
way I'm not going to find this
I'm not going to find
this it's not the biggest steal oh but I
lost all my XP too it is the biggest
deal
no also am I tripping or did I see my
items disappear the moment I died
anyway wait was he here
oh it was like down here
no this like this is the crater okay we
we're at the
crater now I have to remember where I
went after
this I'm pretty sure I walked over here
next to Ratatouille's
house yeah I went this way and then I
found a bridge of
sand here's an aelia tree I don't
remember the aelia
tree wasn't
this I'm out of
food
Joy oh praise be to the Lord and
stuff I remember these dogs over here
so I'm like in the right
area wait yeah I was heading towards
this direction cuz uh is going towards
the home marker
I'm
uh yeah I give up
I just don't think I can find
this no the only the only technical
cheats I'm allowed to use in this game
in This Server are
are teleports and uh those aren't even
working properly
so just damn no death
marker
yeah
okay I think uh just ripped to all that
[__]
rip again
dumbass okay well what have we learned
today
nothing take me
all my coal all my XP that's the that's
the main [__] I
lost
well I think I'm going to make myself
a this stuff make some
tools and then I'm going to end stream
oh I lost my obsidian too but that
that's not too
bad I lost my iPhone
I found
and I lost all my bread I suppose
[Music]
I broke the wrong
thing I broke the wrong thing
[Music]
again create born as soon as possible
oh that gives me no
food I lost all my arrows and my bow
for
I already had a fishing rod why did I do
that
okay
nice um I'm going to end the
stream I'm very
tired thanks for showing up to the
blockfest and uh wait no it should be on
the end there we
go I have uh no
idea good night